Ha ha.
Husband, wake up!
Hurry up and talk to your wife more
Brother Mo
What's wrong with you lately?
You said that this jade pendant box is for my aunt to eat
Neither
Are you going to smoke now?
Miracle, it's alright
You should find a Fengxia in a few days.
I finally married you.
Start today.
We swap identities
It's your turn to support me
Certainly!
The happiest life
Humph
Yo, big brother is really not wearing it.
Doctor, my wife, what's the situation?
Why does she feel nauseous when I kiss her?
This is a normal physiological reaction
Normal physiological response
His physiology is everything to me
He wanted to vomit.
I really can't. How can I use a lifetime of information?
This is a disease that needs to be treated
What to treat
Is your wife pregnant from my medical practice?
These are the first naturally thin triplets I've ever seen.
Gong Xiaomei
triplets